:wrench: chore(integrations): Updated Azure DevOps Dev Docs (#12231)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/integrations/azuredevops/index.mdx

---
title: Azure DevOps Integration
sidebar_title: Azure DevOps
---

> ## Create an Azure application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create an Azure Application
```

> Log into your Azure DevOps account, creating one if needed. Ensure you have a project set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into your Azure DevOps account or create a new one, and ensure you have a project set up.
```

> Make sure the organization has third party access via OAuth enabled in the organization settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the organization has third-party access via OAuth enabled in the organization settings.
```
